= using Scanty, a really small blog, to tack alerts from papertrail saved search

== Overview

Scanty is blogging software.  Software for my blog, to be exact:
http://adam.blog.heroku.com
  - now we can use this to track alerts from papertrail saved search
  - this will post an entry per saved search and split it by messages in alert
== Features

* Posts - this will be the main issue here!
* Tags
* Markdown (via Maruku)
* Ruby code syntax highlighting (via Syntax)
* Atom feed
* Comments via Disqus
* Web framework = Sinatra
* ORM = Sequel

== Dependencies

  - required, if not already installed 
  1.git clone git@github.com:golddudu/scanty-papertrail-alerts-blog.git
  2.apt-get install  rubygems
  3.apt-get install ruby-full
  4.apt-get install libsqlite3-dev
  5.gem install sqlite3-ruby
  6.gem install rdoc
  7.gem install sinatra

Sequel, Maruku, and Syntax are all vendored.

== Setup

Edit main.rb and change the Blog config struct at the top to your liking.  For
security purposes, change the admin password and the admin cookie key and
value.  These last two can be set to any random value you like, just choose
something other than the default.

under post /alert - it posts the saved search webhok message to the blog

Then run the server:

  $ ruby main.rb

And visit: http://localhost:4567

Log in with the password you selected, then click New Post.  The rest should be
self-explanatory.

In production, you'll probably want to run "rake start" to start (and restart)
the server.  Change the value of "port" at the top of the Rakefile to run on a
different port.

== in papertrail app side

  after saving search - go to the alerts manage window
  - setup the webhook post url to:
    [your-server-url:4567/alert]

== Database

The default is a SQLite file named blog.db.  To use something else, set
DATABASE_URL in your environment when running the app, i.e.:

  $ DATABASE_URL='mysql://localhost/myblog' ruby main.rb

Or, modify the Sequel.connect statement at the top of main.rb.

The database will be created automatically when the server is executed.


== Customize

There are no themes or settings beyond the basic ones in the Blog struct.  Just
edit the CSS or the code as you see fit.

== Meta

Written by Adam Wiggins

Patches contributed by: Christopher Swenson, S. Brent Faulkner, and Stephen Eley

Released under the MIT License: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

http://github.com/adamwiggins/scanty

http://adam.blog.heroku.com

